we still like to remember the old one
time back when we are still with ours
friend mario party two the best part
the series have played on the n64 up
the drive of the controller has been broken
is celebrating with mario party island watch
the series now ebit on the nintendo 3ds
whether the handheld licker at the
fun factor of the old games connect
may or may not be a game for
The lonely island is experiencing it now
Usually it is a mario party series
on the home consoles at home after
a detour for the gameboy advance
and the nintendo ds now follows with mario
party island watch another litter
for a handheld are over
80 new mini games and seven fresh ones
Spielbretter this should be the
play on the 3ds act new
to let
Of course, the focus is on the
bread struggles as in the predecessors
thanks to the new boards comes that
Mario party are a lot and fast on the way
the boards again all different
designed and have a playing time
between ten and 60 minutes
next to a ghost falls on the we
traveling with a flying carpet
or a trip to the rainbow road
where our protagonists in small space
shuttles will rush through the area
us a lot of optical variety
offered what nintendo at the optical
design is well done
live in your game was then yourself
So these are classic start target
Boards without great renovation a pity
nintendo would have more here
have to plug in the development time
biggest innovation that is immediately noticeable
that accounts for the stars as well as the
one could throw coins in older ones
to accumulate until the end
coins and stars have an advantage
get hold of
there came to the end again right
stress on you never predict
could who wins we can not
explain what has brought nintendo
to remove that from the 3ds title
in mario party agency you win by
you are the first to reach the goal
Of course you can do that with you
skillful dice and good dice
Items you get in the one the
wins many mini games
you can only win one thing
between different dice one
choose a new one
however, this must be dated exactly
which dice the player faster into
Ziel brings the main focus to Mario
party is clearly on the mini
play and these are so entertaining and
as varied as the one from the
series is used here offers the game
a high quality and white too
to convince
Here are all the functions of the
3ds completely exploited
no matter if the touchscreen is the gyro
sensor or the microphone nintendo white
just how to get soft and hardware
combines well-liked the
integration of the camera in some
mini games with this one even has the
Possibility to use maps around so that
play in your own environment
also a mini-game called imposante
Imitation was particularly appealing to us
Here you have the reputation of the protagonist
as fast as possible and as real as
possible to roar in the 3ds microphone
All in all, mario offers a party
agency many minigames the none
leave wishes open
Mario Party Agency is without ifs and
but a multiplayer title
It also does it alone for a short time
time fun, however, draws the game first
multiplayer its full potential
the biggest advantage is that the game
The download play mode supports this
Must be in a four player game only
one own the module and already can
Start the merry cube
this big advantage is at the same time
also a big disadvantage because there is
only one local multiplayer has one
no possibility over the internet with
However, to play his friends
We felt this during our test
anything but disturbing one's way
often meets friends again
Add to that the streetpass function
you have this activated you may even
fake duels against the
favorite characters of other players
contest
from a technical point of view is mario party
Agency only raised average though
the game is colorful and therefore
however, there is a clear air here
Above you can play a lot of details
recognize, however, also prevails here
and as jagged edges especially if you
the game characters looks closer
that on
even the 3d effect is anything but
This is not excellent
really strong and does not bring any
playful advantages in what
graphic is not so successful makes the
Sound has made up for every game board
your own background music immediately
goes into the ear and always to the optical
presentation fits the ghost falls zb
drown something sinister sounds during the
item empire, on the other hand, cheerful and
serene sounds from the boxes come alongside
the genius background music
the game offers no further
speech output except the classical ones
cry for marion co, there is only
the speaker but unfortunately this can only
a few words like the end or newer
Record say a pity because this would have
the game can loosen up a lot
you are looking for one
entertaining game they play with
your friends can play on the 3ds
then you should mario party
setting agency, however, he wanted a
play this game alone
then you should make a big bow
do it
with the download play you have a lot
fun and it knows how to convince